hey guys this is we are maplestory here
and today is a money-making set for
everyone who is really poor now about at
least have 10 ml for this method
unleashed now first thing you guys are
going to need is you guys gonna have to
have accessory crafting to level or at
least and you guys need some admin
template at some intermediate absurd
oppressive whatever it's called and you
guys need one crap them already have
some in my inventory I'll kind for more
since it's better for the video these
are really easy to make just become
level 4 and yeah and you guys are gonna
have to have money so you can make some
admin tin plates I suggested buying them
so I 10 millimeters cuz you guys will
make profit so yeah okay when you got
your earrings you wanna come over here
and you want wanna go to find one of
these find the one recent ones they are
very good and the most in channel not so
you want to take your own number ring
and you want to put it in here and now
you want to press ok ok and now nimble
rings will always either turn into
advanced or intermediate crystal they
mostly turn into intermediate crystals
the most you get is three and you can
sell these for about 60 to 70 k a noble
but a lot of people solemn for own price
about 100 k by some 60 k so they gets
old fast so yeah you just want to make
these as you guys can see I got some
advanced item crystals but these are the
ones you looking for and you will get
more and intermedia I'm crystals in
advance the reason I have six advanced
christos because i was doing this um
before so yeah this is just a very good
money making guide you guys should do it
so yeah that's all you need to make a
bunch of them i suggest making about 400
if you don't have the time to try taking
time off training or something i'm just
making 400 and yeah that you will get
and i will show you got me selling these
as soon as I'm done making them so yeah
I'll come back after hey guys so i'm
back and i made about on 240 on crystals
on the sun for about 60 km/h so yeah i
was selling in my shop just because i
just go F can they sell pretty fast so
yeah solo just seems to be like no room
in the free market where I can place my
shop everywhere goal is taken
oh there we go minute here's the spot on
and I'm a summer well um just a cage and
you don't sell down God's Idol crystals
that you are I guess so i will come back
to you guys when one size up hey guys so
i'm back in adjacency i sold most of the
intermedia and Cristobal awesome but I
didn't actually sell me do I and that's
an imposter and meet about 14 mil that's
very good add items as you can see why I
Bongo Bongo Bongo and yeah so yeah
that's very very good that's we're made
for kino so yeah just one method is
actually very good for beginners do we
just want to make a couple of milk so
yeah um thanks for watching and I'll see
you guys next time